Improve feature toggle documentation (#1934)
SAP/luigi: docs/advanced-scenarios.md

Luigi allows you to implement and configure feature toggles. They can be used to organize and compartmentalize your code. 

#### Usage

> * Before setting feature toggles, you have to first define the feature toggle query parameter to enable setting the feature toggles via URL in the [general settings](general-settings.md) :

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Before using feature toggles, you first have to include the feature toggle query parameter in the [general settings](general-settings.md) part of your Luigi configuration file. This allows you to enable setting the feature toggles via URL :
```

  ```
  featureToggles = { queryStringParam: 'ft' };
  ```
* To **set** feature toggles, you have two possibilities:
   1. Set feature toggles to the active feature toggle list through [Luigi Core API](luigi-core-api.md#featuretoggles):
  ```javascript
    Luigi.featureToggles().setFeatureToggle('ft1');
  ```

>   2. Set feature toggles to the active feature toggle list via URL parameters by appending a comma seperated list of strings. The parameter name is the predefined **featureToggles.queryStringParam** :

Author: ```suggestion
  2. Set feature toggles to the active feature toggle list via URL parameters by appending a comma separated array of strings. The parameter name is the predefined **featureToggles.queryStringParam** :
```

>   2. Set feature toggles to the active feature toggle list via URL parameters by appending a comma separated list of strings. The parameter name is the predefined **featureToggles.queryStringParam** :

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  2. Set feature toggles to the active feature toggle list via URL parameters by appending a comma-separated list of strings. The parameter name is the predefined **featureToggles.queryStringParam** :
```

      visibleForFeatureToggles: ['ft1']
  }
  ```

>   If you define a list of multiple feature toggles the node will be restricted and it will be shown only if **all** of the specified feature toggles are set.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  If you define a list of multiple feature toggles, the node will be restricted and it will be shown only if **all** of the specified feature toggles are set.
```
